[Music]
hey guys and welcome to toy review TV
and an adventure time action figure
review of this is the collectors pack of
Finn and Jake these are my body's ways
and have an age range off for years and
upwards and these will cost per pack up
to 6 pounds each so you do get two
figures in each pack for 6 pounds here
in at the UK and you do get variations
or figures here are some of the various
packs that you can get so we get battle
pack a wizard pack a gladiator pack and
you can also get a 5 inch
Finnick in Jax's and a 5 inch face
changing of BMO as well as I said these
are made by jazz ways and imported by
character options here in the UK but
let's open at the top and take a better
look so here are Jake and Finn let's
have a look at Jake first very colorful
some very nice detail and it does come
with that violin or guitar there that's
he's a holding and there we go there is
the rear we do get to this plastic is
stand as well which does keep the figure
nice and steady
on this very large plastic base some
printing on there as well with the logo
which is molded on to that base bot a
really cool looking figure now on to fit
finish waving at you so wave back to
Finn and we do get some very nice colors
on this figure and of course the green
backpack as well and again it is
attached by this little plastic stem to
the plastic base so these figures will
not fall over if you push them around
they will not fall unless they crash
into each other like that that was a
very bad example there you go guys that
is what you get for six pounds and at
the rear of the packaging we do get this
backdrop as well now this is part of the
packaging packaging and both I think it
is pretty cool and you could use this
as a backdrop to your figures which
would look really really nice if you
blue tackle that to the wall you could
stand your figures in front of that and
that would give the figures a very nice
backdrop to sit in front of but they
have you guys this is one of the
collectors twin packs that you can
collect in this new series of adventure
timer figures well thanks for joining me
for this review please do rate comment
and subscribe and stay tuned for my
awesome toy reviews and I will see you
next time here on tour your review TV
[Music]